Isn't this sentence and Emperor Ruoxue's marriage ginseng the same as the in-laws?
My in-laws said that you agreed with me and got married to Ruoxue?
Agree, agree, agree, agree
Why don't you feel that a hot man is not worthy of a famous daughter at this time? It's better than her to marry her?
At that time, I was confused and invited the Queen of Heaven to marry me!
Today, there are so many elderly Mongolians who are the worst at killing innocent people for the sake of French rice.
Should be punished by law and warned
Put Ling Tian into a dark prison
The police broke our order
All sounds from Checha Lingjia
Heavenly Father, is it possible to have false faith?
I am meat and blood soup, right? Meat and blood
What did he send to his mother for friendship?
Do you want to plead for your father?
After all, he's my dad, right?
I am a father of flesh and blood
Even Xiaojun is willing to obey me.
Could it be the in-laws?
You can't catch me, you know
Why can I become a queen?
What is this